Update machine settings information (#3772)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/reference/agent.md

#### Version updates

> To avoid unexpected downtime when `viam-server` is updated, you can configure a [Maintenance Window](/architecture/viam-server/#maintenance-window).

Author: We're not assuming the user understands behaviour from prior versions. There's very few people who'd have that. The unexpectedness is due to `viam-server` updating when a new version becomes available, given that that could happen at any time.

```suggestion
When a new version of `viam-server` becomes available, `viam-agent` will restart and upgrade `viam-server` immediately.
To limit when `viam-server` can be updated, you can configure a [Maintenance Window](/architecture/viam-server/#maintenance-window).
```
